1. for the experiment setup, in the data preprocessing, we randomly choose {bias_nosie_ratio} x {total_data_points} points to flip their classes to a randomly other classes. so when we increase the bias_noise_ratio, are we continuing from the previous state? or we completely restart the process(i think we should contuinue from previus state, so we carry on from current state, we choose extrat points thats unflipped and change their class, rather than restart from the original state). and then see how increasing the bias_noise_ratio has an impact on the adversarial attack density? so i think they idea was, when there are less noise label, there are less boundaries to reach 100% train acc? because its cleaner and more sepearble? but every time when we add noise, we are essentially ading internal nodes in decision tree, so making it easi9er to attack a class and move it to another class, then the adv class are more likely landing on different boundaries. causing first, harder to even form clusters so they appear to be nopise, even if clusters are formed, the adv points are more likely to vbe apart? since they are on different boundaries?
2. so based on my assumption, lets first check if our current setup is consistent, and if not whats our currebnt setup? and lets redo the experiment. we will have 6 cases, the three real dataset, iris, wine and car. and the theree synthetic, the overlapping, the seprate, and the categorical. i want u to frist collect all tre data needed each datatset would have 10 runs to collect data and tghen average. then generate the eda notebook in the experiment, so i or u can run it ion the notebook, to see the visualisation, i want the code as well not just the image. here are the things i would want, first the classic, density against noise level, with 95% confidewnce intewrval and the train, test error for each dataste. then the reachibiliyrt, to see how the clusters are formed as the noise increase, and clearly showing how the cluister number changes as the noise change as well.